yeah get them bubbles oh ok I just fly
away Oh muffin Oh what is that it's a
juggle are you Derby there you are
okay there's a rock over there let's go
Jeremy come on come on boy be
don't be wait wait on backwards
oh man that looks tough getting that
lofty let's see if I can hit
come on boy be we can get that muffin
when computers like freeze up
young muffin come on this one oh don't
be no dare be noon no ok let's see you
know stay there stay fine whatever let's
go one speed run through the no
derpy know it's coming for you oh yeah
like a bow
okay come on Joey be no this way that's
why that's like
derping you silly pony what are you
doing this like
no not backwards
am I supposed to do with this rock
anything
Oh
there's a tree right now
yes there he you to pony she doesn't
have her cutie mark
oh it's a jackal oh wait no it's a
timber wolf that's what it is all right
dirty all right all right there you are
you silly pony oh god I got oh so many
okay welcome to the darkness okay thanks
computer for she's growing up the game
okay one boy be are you going off on
your own such a dirt oh jeez oh jeez
look out for that Dibble dividend by
that you don't use the stupid arrow keys
for this game you just move the mouse
around to show dirty word to go
and then sometimes she just decides to
go back
join me no this way this way this way
those are the pop up on toy beam year
Mahanoy be you can sneak past them
timberwolves just like that just like
dead
such a mouse
gosh the music skin really creepy now
but we made it to the end of the level
yeah boy be go after the in bubbles
oh man Timberwolves the right on therapy